Documented analytics and cookies (#1131)
open-formulieren/open-forms: docs/configuration/general/analytics.rst

.. _configuration_general_analytics:

Analytics
=========

By default, Open Forms does not enable any form of external data analytics 
tools. However, you can enable these tools within Open Forms. Below, we list
the integration possibilities within Open Forms.

.. warning::

>     If you enable external data analytics tools, you **need** to setup a proper

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you enable external data analytics tools, you **need** to set up a proper
```

    :ref:`cookie policy <configuration_general_cookies>` in accordance with
    the `GDPR`_ and your local privacy authority.

    Also, these data analytics tools will **only work** if the user allowed 

>     these cookies. If you do not setup cookies, these tools will simply not 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    these cookies. If you do not set up cookies, these tools will simply not 
```
